   The pdf995 suite of products - Pdf995, PdfEdit995, and Signature995 - is a complete solution for your document publishing needs. It provides ease of use, flexibility in format, and industry-standard security- and all at no cost to you. Pdf995 makes it easy and affordable to create professional-quality documents in the popular PDF file format. Its easy-to-use interface helps you to create PDF files by simply selecting the "print" command from any application, creating documents which can be viewed on any computer with a PDF viewer. Pdf995 supports network file saving, fast user switching on XP, Citrix/Terminal Server, custom page sizes and large format printing. Pdf995 is a printer driver that works with any Postscript to PDF converter. The pdf995 printer driver and a free Converter are available for easy download. PdfEdit995 offers a wealth of additional functionality, such as: combining documents into a single PDF; automatic link insertion; hierarchical bookmark insertion; PDF conversion to HTML or DOC (text only); integration with Word toolbar with automatic table of contents and link generation; autoattach to email; stationery and stamping.  Signature995 offers state-of-the-art security and encryption to protect your documents and add digital signatures.    The Pdf995 Suite offers the following features, all at no cost: Automatic insertion of embedded links Hierarchical Bookmarks Support for Digital Signatures Support for Triple DES encryption Append and Delete PDF Pages Batch Print from Microsoft Office Asian and Cyrillic fonts Integration with Microsoft Word toolbar PDF Stationery Combining multiple PDF's into a single PDF Three auto-name options to bypass Save As dialog Imposition of Draft/Confidential stamps Support for large format architectural printing Convert PDF to JPEG, TIFF, BMP, PCX formats Convert PDF to HTML and Word DOC conversion Convert PDF to text Automatic Table of Contents generation Support for XP Fast User Switching and multiple user sessions Standard PDF Encryption (restricted printing, modifying, copying text and images) Support for Optimized PDF Support for custom page sizes Option to attach PDFs to email after creation  Automatic text summarization of PDF documents Easy integration with document management and Workflow systems n-Up printing Automatic page numbering Simple Programmers Interface Option to automatically display PDFs after creation Custom resizing of PDF output Configurable Font embedding Support for Citrix/Terminal Server Support for Windows 2003 Server Easy PS to PDF processing Specify PDF document properties Control PDF opening mode Can be configured to add functionality to Acrobat Distiller Free: Creates PDFs without annoying watermarks Free: Fully functional, not a trial and does not expire Over 5 million satisfied customers Over 1000 Enterprise Customers worldwide  Please visit us at www.pdf995.com to learn more.  This document illustrates several features of the Pdf995 Suite of Products. 